Add 1D Harris Sheet (#2068)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2068.feature.rst

> Added a class to calculate magnetic field, current density, and plasma pressure for 1D Harris Sheets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the `~plasmapy.plasma.equilibria1d.HarrisSheet` class to calculate magnetic field, current density, and plasma pressure for 1D Harris Sheets.
```
This will make it so that this text will link to the documentation for `HarrisSheet`, with the tilde indicating that only `HarrisSheet` will show up.
